Get setting from JSON (#4443)
camptocamp/ngeo: CHANGES.md

# 2.4

For the GeoMapFish applications we must not anymore to add the dynamic.js in the application HTML file

> and the ng-app, but we needs to add the following metadata:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For GeoMapFish applications we must not add the `dynamic.js` script and the `ng-app` attribute in the application HTML file anymore. Instead, we need to use the following metadata:
```

```
<meta name="dynamicUrl" content="<application_url>/dynamic.json">
<meta name="interface" content="<interface_name>">
```

> If you use the one of the abstract controllers the bootstrap will be done by `gmf/controllers/bootstrap.js`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use one of the abstract controllers bootstrap will be done by `gmf/controllers/bootstrap.js`.
```
